hello people in this video you see
case review have fun
yes this case comes from the company tank
as you can see here and is for that
new iphone 5
the case is called grischa the case
will be delivered in this packaging
kept green and white
here is still such a small front
hole where you feel the case again
can
and yes, everything is free here with it
I also see the wonderful case
I have the transparent case here now
I chose it because it is very good
looks natural to the white iphone
there is the case in other colors of the
link to amazon is below in the video
description there is still blue there
touchpen which has the old channel
I also link you to a video
again below
and now I just do the pace
It's easy on the iphone
because this case is a tipi cases and tokio
means that it's just a plastic
nice cases but what you think too
can turn very well so rubbery
Let's say it like this
As you can see, I now have the case
times rang the iphone and I think
It actually looks very good to me
you also like the bar cases
this black border
I think it's a bit much because
you can see the aluminum bit
but not so much here and
took the pool logo again and yes
you can see it 's an iphone 5
I had a turn on the black iphone
So my buddy because you can not see that
so good because it's a bit dark
yes, the case has a small leonard
able design and yes I think is one
very successful case is available for 9 euros
95 So this variant and yes now
We come once to the whole recess
on the left side we can see the
see the savings for the news and
the two volume regulators are
been covered and I find them
can be quite hard to press
like the power button up here
You can also serve very bad
down here I think that's very good
that is all individually spared as one
So good can be seen here then micro
Speakers suffer from cables and headphones
entrance on this side we have
unfortunately no recess for the sim-lock
and here on the right side we have
again the bar writing so that's it
now with the review to the Belkin Grip
showcase transparent as I said
bottom left in the description and you
can also support me and me
send a small donation by paypal
left also in the description below
you can me on instagram twitter and
of course that could follow me
also subscribe
and if you liked the video
can you like the video a thumb
to give up
I say goodbye and see you
in the next video again